hey folks let's play something a little
different for a change let's play a
little bit of Prince of Persia a game
originally released in 1989 and the Mega
Drive / Genesis port in 1993 one of the
first games along with caretaker known
to use rotoscoping to great effect now
what people do not know the plot -
Prince of Persia or for those who don't
the plot is coming up right now in this
adil ik land of purple it is a time of
darkness while the Sultan of Persia is
off fighting a foreign war his Grand
Vizier Jaffar seized the reins of power
little did he know that a blue Genie and
at no wait that's the wrong Jafar
he doesn't very evil though and he does
have a cup full of mist in the Sultan's
absence Jafar rules with an iron fist
throughout the land the people groan
under the yoke of tyranny and dream of
better days and not up rise nope I guess
you're just going to be under the yoke
of tyranny and there's a crystal ball
only one obstacle remains between Jafar
and the throne the Sultan's beautiful
young unnamed daughter Jafar gives the
princess one hour to decide marry him or
die
I take it she didn't pick marry him
because there's another guy that's us
all the princesses hopes now arrests on
her love a young adventurer from another
land a faraway land where people don't
wear proper shirts but that's alright
because the plot will thicken little
does she know that the jealous Grand
Vizier had him stripped of his sword and
thrown into the palace dungeons but
worse of his ineffective vest hello
there well I know you hate me but will
you marry me now I'm wearing pointy
shoes please no take it well if you
don't marry me by the time it's very big
hourglasses done you'll die anyway and
then I'll take over the throne why I'm
not going to do that anyway I don't know
for when the hourglass is empty her
choice can only bring a throne for the
Grand Vizier and death for the brave
youth who might have been Prince of
Persia but we have to actually rescue
her first which is a game involving
swordplay and combat and jumping and not
dying because remember we may be the
hero but we are only human so let's go
we have 60 minutes to rescue her
controls are simple you run around a lot
and we also have snazzy blue shoes no
wonder she wants to marry us you could
sneak you can jump which you can do to
go up special ledges and you can do
other things that we can't do right now
cuz we don't have a sword like in the
original game the very original game the
rotoscoping was definitely unique
compared to other graphical styles this
is a more standard graphical format so
let's go on our adventure we have been
imprisoned after all what could possibly
go wrong well that could go wrong but we
will just happily drop down go to the
right there is a man here armed with a
sword we cannot deal with a man on with
the sword we do not have a sword
so let's go over here you can see this
dungeon is pity could just smash his
face into a wall hmm well we only have
59 minutes Jeremy we have to hurry
Prince if we go there's not a moment to
lose
go away Prince save her out well and
thus ends the princes adventures because
as we all know you don't get backup from
something like that well it's a shame
and all he could have defeated the Grand
Vizier Jaffar he could have married the
princess and he could have saved all of
Persia but it was not to be for he
felled Scylla knee into spikes so that
was the Prince of Persia an exciting and
thrilling game were you inevitably die
on a spike tune in next time when we
delve into other depths of
historical gaming gems I'm Kokoschka
that was the Prince of Persia and I'll
catch you later later that looks like it
hurt